Nine people I want to go back when they get there
and as you can see the new update
there is no winter outside no
snow more and there are new things and
Although two hero skills once the
bap went can now can the himself
now that's iron fist and how
make it stronger or something and that
works like crazy when the
then conjures a few train
or something like that do not have it yourself
I'll try that with you now
do
and yes I have my poor camp
spent the night
that gets pretty over the top
be because two packers a kite 23
usd at level 5 and ernie la
I probably should
Creating a base means leaving is on
07 this upgrade will be on level 5
unlocked and all five levels
made stronger so the biking complained
has, as I said its ground and the archer
queen makes herself invisible i know
not exactly how long because I'm the boss
am also myself have not you indeed
not tested but complained
then a few archer you then
help
and besides, there is a jam box this
pont as well as the trees and the bushes here
I do not know how many
guess we 'll be 20 to 50 years old
maybe we'll see one and yes
we could see I have 35 again
million gold again a bit
danger 37 million elixir and almost
10,000 days is my minion here
I just rescued three days ago
with 10,000 days here because I thought
me yes why not maybe we can
next time with the band strategy
I will attack again
show and then I search my trade
Seek my pace can not attack
try with you the iron fist and
we'll meet Again
ok so we have a base 007 with
125,000 gold and 211,000 elixir unfortunately
of course knows a lot but what should I do
wants you only on the whole the
showing iron fist from the button
I do not think so either
packers and the kite need because
just two windows I'm in nothing
and in the meantime what can come up and the
a defense
nothing is distracting and then try
not even after the fans tried
with the set from the tech not if it
now a baker and a few shines
therefore the viking and yours for the old
the cinema is ok and the ap is his name
brings track that are in his environment
also in the workshops to 1
then we can have a kite
groups of you have to actually
alone I can do it again and again
here an overview
So yes, the button has just this uk
circle around that means you always have to
Take a caravan with you if you can
activated so that it always brings him
good to remember
I do not know why she died
you have a better one better than me
thought but I think my
if I said then maybe
still happen as if we want to
also look
those like me who wanted to
I think it still has to do with me
the six addition, I believe that he
although I probably the good here
ok, if all gold was brought to you
Setting 84 percent is enough for us
are enormous and do not care
much about the toffees
yes i can in a strip anyway so
countries
yes that is going elixir 200,000 and 120
years gold so yes as seen if the
Goods are very interesting from the bug
So always take a few train and
what are you actually saving in now?
seven hours my tesla is ready
with the 3.6 million gold bought me
I therefore believe one thing in I
believe a tesla parade and yes that
what we see